the big banks are in big trouble in
today's video I'm going to show you what
Jamie demon has done I'm going to look
at what happened in the real estate
market and I'm going to show you
everything you need to know about how
this relates to you the individual your
family everybody is actually waiting for
a moment and I'm going to describe that
in today's video you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you the
stock market enters correction territory
but why has this been the case I'm going
to give you everything you need to know
let's begin by taking a look at that you
can see the S&P 500 entering correction
the Dow S&P and the NASDAQ here of
course you generally have the NASDAQ
being more volatile on the way down and
the way up it hadn't performed so well
just recently but in the leadup to it of
course we had seen many different tech
stocks doing well the autumn pullback in
the stock market worsen on Friday
pushing the S&P 500 into correction and
its worst two-e decline this year year
and of course you're looking at it
everywhere the stock market is so bad
the investors are freaking out it's one
after the other after the other and we
can see that of course what's happening
there's more attraction right now into
the bond market because of the yield for
some we are watching this at a time in
which the yields are rising quite a bit
most people would say I'm not going to
invest in bonds but listen the financial
companies the big Banks they're doing
that the pensions they are doing that
and so that takes a little bit of that
attraction away from the stock market
and they can kind of balance that out
bonds haven't been doing well because if
you were holding bonds before now the
value of them had declined a lot and so
as an investor you can simply hold until
maturity but that's what you know these
Financial um groups here the the
pensions they they don't do that they
trade it so now the value has declined
and so they they are stuck holding this
stuff that they don't want they don't
want that bond for 30 years when it was
giving 2% they want that to do much
better because they need to pay out
their investors a higher rate and so
that's what's going on right here I
think it is extremely important to
understand the equities that's the stock
market and bonds it's a very different
world and yet the bond market which we
don't necessarily like to talk about
it's not nice you know we don't have to
say apple and Amazon and all these fancy
things that you see in the news with new
technologies the bond market is bigger
it's a bigger Market than the stock
market so of course we got to pay
attention very carefully this is the
worst October for stocks in 5 years
having investors exiting the market
active manager poll positioning shows
investors have reduced risk and you
could see that um just looking at it
they have reduced okay just let's be
very clear they're not running for the
exits but we have the charts the data to
show us that in fact they have reduced
their positioning in equities but it's
not just about running for the hills and
protecting yourself it's also about the
rate of return what's funny about this
is that bonds have been more attractive
but there's another asset that's also
been more attractive have you been aware
of what has
outperformed stock market this year can
you guess
well we'll talk about that in a minute
Jamie demon plans to sell $141 Million
worth of JP Morgan shares now you got to
see look this is the being the first
such stock sale during his tender so
it's not oh yeah you know what they
always sell some shares no big deal this
this is big this is important now who
knows maybe he needs the cash he needs a
liquid he needs to spend it on a new
home who knows but it's worth noting
because if you think about it just like
with other you know Tim Cook or whoever
they get compensation in the form of
shares now if they would have thought
that this would be worth more a year
from now wouldn't they hang on to it
wouldn't they keep that if it was 141
million and he thought next year that
was going to be 241 million wouldn't he
just hold on to it I think so but I
believe there might be a little bit of
uh has ation on his part and others as
well and so that's what I want to bring
to you it's it's important it's
something to note this right here what
you're looking at is the money mirror
method and within the money mirror
method you need to understand that what
we can see is correlated and I've talked
about this before everybody on my Friday
live sessions that we go through it's a
private live group on the Friday session
we we talk about the money mirror method
and the white line you're seeing there
is the S&P 500 so when it was out of
whack about 3 months ago I told
everybody in the group this is unusual
let's look at it let's track it week to
week and that's what we do and whenever
it does get out of whack we start to ask
the question um you know is the stock
market going to come down or are the
reserves that's where we're looking at
the Orange Line the reserves going to go
up and it's you know could be a bit of
both but of course during this period we
noted specifically that the stock market
had become way too overvalued and so it
needed to correct this is a part of a
healthy stock market now the market is
not too healthy because it's got
adrenaline shots left right and center
but this is what we're looking at and of
course we are able to note this we are
able to see almost have a crystal ball
if you will when we simply look at what
has proved to be historic Al accurate
over and over and over again the money
miror method hasn't failed so far
okay it's gold gold officially
outperformed stocks in 2023 as the
October rally continues so you know
you've got gold when it's touching 2,000
that's one
big big change because you didn't really
see that for a while right gold I mean
depending if you look at an inflation
terms it can still um you know still got
a ways to go to get back to where it was
but the part of the reason I mentioned
when we look at that and by the way you
can see the performance of gold recently
just outperforming the stock market I
want to note something if you are one of
these big Banks you have a couple
options and so you can invest in bonds
if you think that maybe you know what
stock market is not going to perform
right now and I need a guaranteed rate
of return I don't want to lose money
they call it risk RK parody well you
would see that putting your money into
bonds would hopefully be able to return
some you know a good return on the other
hand if you thought there was turmoil
you would want gold because the gold
would be able to withstand the troubles
if there's inflation it would be able to
do well during that period And so again
risk parity you could balance out your
risk or equities position with bonds
or gold but if you thought that for
instance Bonds were going to give you a
lot of return back you wouldn't want to
invest in gold just be clear this is
paper gold and we're talking about the
big
investors so what has happened right now
which is interesting is that both gold
and bonds are becoming attractive to
investors right here because we've got
tensions and turmoil going on in
different parts of the world but at the
same time uh we want that that you know
hedging risk we we're we're trying to
get away from that so that's what's
happening with gold right now and people
are asking the question where do we
invest what should I do is you know real
estate and so on well let's talk about
real estate uh I got some charts
articles and information for you today
let's just touch on this
though this is showing us the deposits
okay and again we've had individuals
pulling money out of their Banks they're
worried about what's happening inside
the banks and we haven't seen this at
the level this is seasonally adjusted
level look at it on the non-seasonally
adjusted as well anyway the point is we
haven't seen this level since back
during March during the bank failures so
it is relevant to what we can see right
now and it is a big concern the banks
are indeed failing and you have to
understand if the banks are going to
fail
if the government is going to pump in a
bunch of cash that they need to go into
these big debts that they have massive
debt they have
to essentially arrange for the Federal
Reserve to come in and buy it all up
this is the biggest concern this is the
worry that inflation will not be allowed
to fall it won't subside and you will
have a Cris
like we've never seen before mortgage
rates at
8% make a brutal US housing market even
worse I mean just thinking about it 8%
people have not been dealing with that
for a long time most real estate agents
that are working right now have never
seen that and so that's where we're at
the mortgage Market is so bad that
lenders want ex employees to give back
their bonuses so apparently they were
getting these big sign on bonuses and
now they're saying uhuh give me that
back we need to we need help right now
and so we know it's bad but it's not
just a one place or the other I mean I'm
seeing that all
over this I thought was relevant the
bubble risk all over the place you can
see where markets have declined but that
was from their crazy Peaks I I think
overall real estate is still way
overpriced based on pretty much any
metric you use but this is on a global
scale and you can compare that for
yourself Dubai obviously outperforming
basically everything and yet you know
even if you want to call it a bubble in
a sense there's just so much money
flowing in it's just
unbelievable if you want to know about
that money mirror method if you want to
get in on the Friday class you can do
that at the link in the description
where it says mentorship Okay um at the
same time if you want to be able to get
information that you just you don't find
find it on the Bloomberg and everywhere
else then Seeking Alpha has that I
partner with Seeking Alpha to be able to
get an extra layer of depth so if you're
interested in that I got the free trial
just take the free trial at the very
least the link will be in the
description so you can check that out
for yourself okay definitely take a look
around just you know see it for yourself
and don't think about the uh stuff you
see online the free Seeking Alpha stuff
that is not anything close to the paid
stuff um and basically
what we need to understand for the most
part is that people are not
willing to accept the fact that maybe we
are in a state where banks will fail
that mortgages will remain high and that
inflation will not come down because of
one reason or another and so we got to
live in that world and do our best and
so that means reducing our expenses is
as best we can that means getting out of
any bad debt that we have that means if
you can get a side hustle going start to
pay down any debts start to save that
money in what you believe is the
appropriate vehicle for that people who
are holding on to gold right now doing
well but what is your exit strategy if
you have any I know people that want to
buy in that sell at the right moment
that might be with paper gold right if
they're doing that at the same time if
you want to be able to you know actually
keep up with inflation you've got to
have some level of income coming through
is that from bonds is it from dividends
and stocks you got to understand okay
look at your financials right now and
and be honest with yourself okay I hope
you appreciate this information if you
did hit that thumbs up button when you
do it supports the channel I really
thank you for doing so I think everybody
that's you know helps me out on patreon
everybody that helps me out through
PayPal I don't thank you enough but I
want to just extend that thank you to
you every every body who who you know
supports me in any way thank you very
much I'll see you on the next one take
care